1318592269
ApplicationController	C:/Sites/Project_Gorilla/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	class ApplicationController 
SessionsController	C:/Sites/Project_Gorilla/app/controllers/sessions_controller.rb	class SessionsController 
SessionsHelper	C:/Sites/Project_Gorilla/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	module SessionsHelper
authenticate	C:/Sites/Project_Gorilla/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	  def authenticate
check_cookies	C:/Sites/Project_Gorilla/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	def check_cookies
clear_return_to	C:/Sites/Project_Gorilla/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	    def clear_return_to
create	C:/Sites/Project_Gorilla/app/controllers/sessions_controller.rb	  def create
create_cookies	C:/Sites/Project_Gorilla/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	  def create_cookies(user)
current_user	C:/Sites/Project_Gorilla/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	  def current_user
current_user=	C:/Sites/Project_Gorilla/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	  def current_user=(user)
current_user?	C:/Sites/Project_Gorilla/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	  def current_user?(user)
deny_access	C:/Sites/Project_Gorilla/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	  def deny_access
destroy	C:/Sites/Project_Gorilla/app/controllers/sessions_controller.rb	  def destroy
new	C:/Sites/Project_Gorilla/app/controllers/sessions_controller.rb	  def new
redirect_back_or	C:/Sites/Project_Gorilla/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	  def redirect_back_or(default)
remember_token	C:/Sites/Project_Gorilla/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	    def remember_token
set_locale	C:/Sites/Project_Gorilla/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	def set_locale
sign_in	C:/Sites/Project_Gorilla/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	  def sign_in(user)
sign_in_with_cookies	C:/Sites/Project_Gorilla/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	  def sign_in_with_cookies(user)
sign_out	C:/Sites/Project_Gorilla/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	  def sign_out
signed_in?	C:/Sites/Project_Gorilla/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	  def signed_in?
store_location	C:/Sites/Project_Gorilla/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	    def store_location
user_from_remember_token	C:/Sites/Project_Gorilla/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	    def user_from_remember_token
